# Planners System

Planners System is be a time-management and scheduling app. It focuses on adapting the principles behind Bullet Journaling and management of executive dysfunction to create an all-in-one application for scheduling, habit-building, and productivity. The main functionality will be to create individual tasks and be able to schedule them. If the task is set as a note, it doesn't have a completion status and will store text. If the task is set as a routine, it will also have a timer associated with it. The usage of this is to be able to start a scheduled routine and have a series of timers and reminders to help you keep on task and on schedule. The principle behind Bullet Journaling is to keep all your day-to-day information in a single place, so that you do not have to remember to check multiple places, as research has shown this greatly increases the likelihood of forgetting something. 

This is the distinction between Time Crunchers and other apps, as no app currently on the market has a calendar, scheduling, to-do lists, task timers, and notes within a single app. The Bullet Journal method provides an excellent solution to solve a multitude of these problems. All notes and planning are organized in indexes with different timeframes. This allows users to have a big picture of the broader goals of their lives and the daily tasks/events required to make them happen. It is also be more accessible because users can begin with one or two functions and learn their way to integrate the entire method. 
